hi guys today on Davidson cook I'm gonna
show you how to make one of my favorite
kind of mashed potatoes cream cheese
mashed potatoes oh my god they are so
good nice and thick yet fluffy and light
so let's get started okay we're gonna
start by washing and scrubbing our
potatoes it's really good
I get kind of OCD with cleaning potatoes
it never feel clean to me you know I'm
saying I hate that feeling
next you're gonna go ahead and peel them
and I'm using russet potatoes because
russets are the best for mashed potatoes
okay forget what your hurt russet are
the bomb potatoes are big green but
that's okay they were still good in my
book okay next we're gonna slice our
potatoes lengthwise into even sized
strips okay not cubes this time we're
gonna use nice even size strips like
that perfect place them into a pot and
they're gonna cover them with chicken
broth instead of salted water we're
gonna use chicken broth it's gonna add a
lot of flavor and it won't taste like
chicken I promise okay don't forget you
guys you can find this recipe on my blog
diva's calm with a ton of the recipe so
going over there and check it out and
here's the broth that I use you guys
it's called better than bullion I love
this stuff it's like a paste and then
you just add water to it love it okay
we're gonna place our potatoes on the I
bring it to a bowl and we're gonna
reduce the heat and simmer them for
about 30 minutes until they are super
super super soft just like that okay and
fork or a knife should glide through
like a hot comb through fresh snaps okay
it should be so soft and it's totally
okay to overcook these potatoes you
don't want to undercook them at all go
ahead and drain them in a colander and
then we're gonna return them back to
that hot pot and then place them right
back on the eye and let them steam for a
bit to get rid of some of that extra
water because water and mashed potatoes
are not besties honey they do not get
along so you don't want that in your
mashed potatoes now we're going to go
ahead and mash them up once mash mash
each potato I can't even talk
mash each potato up once and then stop
you gotta know when to put that masher
down I know it's fun but we want thick
mashed potatoes not gluey okay and the
more you work it the gooey or it becomes
alright so know when to stop next we're
gonna add in some chopped up butter that
I've chopped up nice and cute and little
so that they melt really quickly and you
can use a rubber spatula kinda you know
toss it around a bit
very gently next I'm gonna add in some
pops-up cream cheese okay go ahead and
throw that in there I'm gonna toss this
around very gently and then we're going
to go ahead and add in enough
half-and-half to get the texture that I
like okay so go ahead add your
half-and-half in there and mash it up a
little bit use your spatula to kind of
stir it up a little bit but not too much
okay not too much all right then you can
add in some salt and pepper I didn't add
in anything I thought it was perfectly
seasoned and here is the texture that I
like I don't like mashed potatoes that
are like baby for lucky I can't do that
from the south we like things thick and
chunky like our booties okay this is
perfect I'm gonna add in a little bit of
butter because I already have a muffin
top so why not all right that's perfect
in there we have it nice fluffy thick
mashed potatoes stick-to-your-ribs
type mashed potatoes goes great with
some gravy and some bacon cheese
whatever these are perfect and they are
so flavorful I hope you guys enjoyed
this recipe thank you so much for
watching bye guys